well the surface is jargon for the
Secret Intelligence Service it gets its
name from Congress circus where it
operates out of when I started trying to
make a parallel universe
I thought Cambridge circus was an
amusing spot in my day in the secret
world s is inhabited whole Suites of
dusky little rooms and control ie the
chief of the Secret Service lived
halfway up a little crooked staircase
generally speaking the ethic is the
higher you go the more secret you get
the strong boys are hard boys the people
to go out and people work in the field
it's kind of like a pyramid to which
control of right at the top and then he
has the top five is there a low line has
to house pain and and smiley the rules
of the of the floors and whose territory
is belongs to whom is established and if
you're on the wrong floor
maybe you're up to no good these are
very very bright people picked from
early on from school days already made
it's nice apparently being buttoned up
you're not giving too much away doing
what you're told not complaining if the
close friend of yours was shot down you
just never really mentioned it again I
get a very strong feeling
people giving up their lives marrying an
idea she must have missed your highness
Ida and Shimon I don't know exactly what
kind of people that were drawn into that
world lift up a telephone you give some
information that you know is going to
involve the death of one of your
comrades I know a Lincoln who do you
trust
if you can't trust people around you
everybody has their own agenda I know
something you don't know that is
interesting